let's prepare a delicious chili
which we can accompany with potatoes
we also eat it a lot with empanadas
or even to accompany some beans
or a sancocho is ingredients division
scallions finely chopped fine
chopped cilantro and grated tomato these
three ingredients in the same proportion
half lemon cap one teaspoon
chili and here I am using chili pulp
but if you do not get it you can do it with
the agent but crushes or chops it and
you can get the juice out of the we use
little because it is very spicy salt at
taste and a little water if required
about lemon juice let's add
the cilantro
it is finally vital
the long onion
tomato
and the chili
we mix well
let's add a little salt
and it was somewhat unfair
and here at this point if we want to
add vinegar or a little water
so that we do not have any transit
if we want to prepare guacamole to this
you can add avocado same well
crushed or we can do it let's say in
the blender or in a processor with
all the same ingredients liquefied or
macerated and we can also do it with
long onion if we prefer this is the
texture of chili and here is ready to
eat